Date: 2013-07-03 10:30
Title: First post
Tags: 

After much research, toil, and soul-searching, I've decided to start
this blog as a way to both chronicle my postdoctoral endeavors and
introduce myself (in a way) to the larger scientific community.  I
hope that people will find my writings useful, informative, and
entertaining.  Hopefully, sometimes things will get controversial and
we can have meaningful dialogs.  Or, maybe you can just call me names.

I've been thinking about doing this for a while now, but it just
seemed a little self-aggrandizing to do so when I was still a student.
Now that I'm a fully-minted, Ph.D., however, everyone _should_ care
about everything I have to say, right?  _Hardly._

I've chosen to blog on the [Pelican](http://getpelican.com) platform.
I looked around at the alternatives (Wordpress, Blogger, Jekyll,
Octopress, Hyde), and this seemed like the best fit.  Everything seems
to play nicely together, even with
[Canopy](https://www.enthought.com/products/canopy/), which hasn't
always the case for me.  Running right in my _User_ venv, some
installs via pip and enpkg, and I was off and running.  Even my
general distaste for all things web-development didn't stop me, and I
managed to create something that, while mostly default, at least
reflects my aesthetic.  The pages and source are hosted at
[Github](http://www.github.com/cfriedline/cfriedline.github.com), too,
so feel free to fork it.

I'm looking forward to hearing from people, so please get in contact
with me.  I'm always open for collaboration and discussing interesting
ideas.